Google Backup API for Backup & Restore
Use the adb shell to send commands to the running app on the mobile device.

on my PC adb is located in C:\Users\ecrane\AppData\Local\Android\sdk\platform-tools.

To queue up a backup:
    adb shell bmgr backup com.airanza.apass

To run the queued backup requests for all apps now:
    adb shell bmgr run

To run the restore immediately:
    adb shell bmgr restore com.airanza.apass


Test Case for overall backup per the Google Backup API website (http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/backup.html):

On device open system SETTINGS, Backup & Reset, enable "Back up my data" and "Automatic Restore".

Testing Your Backup Agent


Once you've implemented your backup agent, you can test the backup and restore functionality with the following procedure, using bmgr.
1.Install your application on a suitable Android system image
    If using the emulator, create and use an AVD with Android 2.2 (API Level 8).
    If using a device, the device must be running Android 2.2 or greater and have Google Play built in.

2.Ensure that backup is enabled
    If using the emulator, you can enable backup with the following command from your SDK tools/ path: adb shell bmgr enable true
    If using a device, open the system Settings, select Backup & reset, then enable Back up my data and Automatic restore.

3.Open your application and initialize some data
    If you've properly implemented backup in your application, then it should request a
    backup each time the data changes. For example, each time the user changes some data,
    your app should call dataChanged(), which adds a backup request to the Backup Manager
    queue. For testing purposes, you can also make a request with the following bmgr command:

        adb shell bmgr backup your.package.name

4.Initiate a backup operation:

    adb shell bmgr run

This forces the Backup Manager to perform all backup requests that are in its queue.

5.Uninstall your application:

    adb uninstall your.package.name

6.Re-install your application.

If your backup agent is successful, all the data you initialized in step 4 is restored.
